Here are the Stack-Trace we are thinking to use in the current application. So, 
please pitch in your votes and also reason for why you think is best for this application,so that we can all agree on to one technology and take furthur steps to acheive something big.

Note: I have mentioned in which your resposne should be like beside the titles. So,if you can follow the same format that would be easy for us to evaluate.

Language : (your name -- reason)
Backend :
Java --- (Manoj chitabathina -- I am voting for this because thats where i am strong in ) 
JAVA --- (PRANAV RAYAPROLU)--- JAVA has latest frameworks and also out of all we can integrate easy with any kind of servoces  
Java --- (Abhishek Janagam) -- As I want to learn more and improve in this. And this is only Programming language that I am familiar with.
c    ---
c++  ---
python---

FrontEnd:
Angular --- (Manoj Chitabathina -- because it is new emerging technology which can lot of stuff IMO)
ANGULAR OR REACT ---(PRANAV RAYAPROLU) --- angular is good as we have folks who has experience, I also pick react coz for Application(mobile) development it is easy to convert.
Angular --- (Abhishek Janagam) --- I started to get involved into this so i will go with angular 
JS      ---
reactJS ---

framework :  (your name -- reason)
Spring Boot --- (Manoj chitabathina -- because of its auto configuartion magic and the added benefits you could get along with it)
SPRING BOOT--- (PRANAV RAYAPROLU) it takes care of all the configurations and makes our work easy
Spring Boot --- (Abhishek Janagam) --- It takes care of all complex configuration for us and this helps us to focus more on Productive stuff. Saying so I am OK with MVC too.  
Spring MVC --- 

Database: (your name -- reason)
MySQL --- (Manoj Chitabathina -- because its free and it is RDBMS and its easy )
MYSQL AND MONGO ---(PRANAV RAYAPROLU)--- mysql is simple and easy to use for storing data, mongo db if we want to clustering.
MySQL --- (Abhishek Janagam) --- I am fine with this as this is RDBMS and also stores value in key-value pair we can use MAP to store the data after retrieving. 
OracleDB --- (Abhishek Janagam) --- I am fine with this as this is RDBMS and also stores value in key-value pair we can use MAP to store the data after retrieving.
Postgresql ---(Manoj chitabathina -- also this one because i know osme stuff in here and it can store JSON too , but it might be slow sometimes and documentation is not clear too sometimes)
MongoDB ---  (Abhishek Janagam) --- I am fine with this but this takes/costs us time/money if application is complex and we need more DB calls, Also Bit complex if we dig deep. Still I am fine this.
couchbase ---
cassandra --- 
DynamoDB  --- 
DB2     --- (Abhishek Janagam) --- I am fine with this as this is RDBMS and also stores value in key-value pair we can use MAP to store the data after retrieving.

(we need to figure out a way to setup rds for this db so that when we deploy to aws or other server we should link it)

Messaging Queues: (your name -- reason)
Active MQ  ---(PRANAV RAYAPROLU) -- active MQ I worked on and Infact am okay for any queue. 
rabbit MQ --- (Manoj chitabathina -- also this because i know how to use this. simple and quick and very reliable)
kafka    ----(Manoj chitabathina -- beacuse i dont know about this and this is something i wanted to know)
IBM MQ --- (Abhishek Janagam) -- I am fine with any MQ's just configuration will differ underlying logic will be same i believe

Security: (your name -- reason) 
(PRANAV RAYAPROLU) --- SPRING SECURITY as it is easy to integrate with springs and it has LDAP, tokenization and certificate security which is helpful  
OAuth -- (Abhishek Janagam) -- I am familiar with this a little and this has many examples online if we got stuck.

Server: 
EC2 -- 
Tomcat to run locally, using jetty plugin (PRANAV RAYAPROLU)
JBoss -- 
suggest any if you know any other -- 

project type:
Maven -- (Abhishek Janagam) -- Maven is more familiar to me and 90% of organizations use this.
Gradle --
Anything is fine for me, but maven makes work easier than gradle, (PRANAV RAYAPROLU)

docker:
(Manoj chitabathina -- and its a nice to have )
(PRANAV RAYPROLU) I am fine with Docker


Please add anything that i might have missed here and something you guys feel like to be added. 
Thanks everyone.
